Added basic filtering #40 with `contains` operation (#64)
Corgam/SS23_ADSP_TCF: README.md

NOTE: To deploy the **dev** version use `npm run deploy:dev:frontend`/`npm run deploy:dev:backend`.

## Backend

The documentation of the backend API and all of the end-points is accessible at `localhost:8080/docs` after deploying the project.

Notes:

- File ID: automatically generated by MongoDB and provided when receiving a file.

### Backend structure

All of the code is situated within the `backend/src` folder.
Additionally, BE uses types specified in the `common/types` folder.

- `config` contains all config variables used by the BE code
- `controllers` includes all routes logic and routing code
- `errors` contains declaration of custom errors, used by the error middleware
- `middlewares` contains all middleware layers used by the express server
- `models` contains schemas for the databases

> - `services` contains the interfaces to 3rd party libraries (including MongoDB)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `services` contains the algorithms that needs to be performed to fulfill specific business requirements
```
